OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-fb-catalogs-structure.adoc

[id="olm-fb-catalogs-structure_{context}"]
= Directory structure

[role="_abstract"]

> You can store file-based Operator catalogs in directory-based file systems on {product-title} that the `opm` CLI loads by walking the root directory. Catalog maintainers can choose their layout, but OLM recommends storing each package's catalog blobs in separate subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File-based catalogs can be stored and loaded from directory-based file systems. The `opm` CLI loads the catalog by walking the root directory and recursing into subdirectories. The CLI attempts to load every file it finds and fails if any errors occur.
```
